Adds troubleshooting to sidebar. (#156)
web3-storage/docs: docs/how-tos/troubleshooting.md

---
title: Troubleshooting
description: A collection of common issues for new developers, and solutions to those problems.
---

# Troubleshooting

This page contains a collection of common issues for new developers, and solutions to those problems.

## I need to use Webpack 4

> We recommend using Webpack 5 with your peojcts. However, some frameworks like React require Webpack 4 in order to run properly. To get around this issue, add the following import to the top of your `.js` scripts to import the pre-webpack-bundled version of Web3.Storage:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend using Webpack 5 with your projects. However, some popular tools like create-react-app require Webpack 4 in order to run properly. To get around this issue, add the following import to the top of your `.js` scripts to import the pre-webpack-bundled version of Web3.Storage:
```

I think you can use React with webpack 5, but tons of people use create-react-app, which is still on v4.
